docs: update some Snowpack references to Vite (#2035)
withastro/astro: docs/src/pages/reference/api-reference.md

> In this section we use `[dot]` to mean `.`. This is because of a bug in our build engine that is rewriting `import[dot]meta[dot]env` if we use `.` instead of `[dot]`.

> All ESM modules include a `import.meta` property. Astro adds `import[dot]meta[dot]env` through [Vite](https://www.vitejs.dev/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All ESM modules include a `import.meta` property. Astro adds `import[dot]meta[dot]env` through [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/env-and-mode.html).
```
